Banners GA (#9656)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/banners.md

---
nav_title: Banners
article_title: Banners
page_order: 0
layout: dev_guide
guide_top_header: "Banners"

> guide_top_text: "With Banners, you can design and place targeted inline messages in your app or website that stay visible as long as they’re relevant and update automatically with real-time personalization at each session start. <br><br>Banners are available as an add-on feature. To get started with Banners, reach out to your Braze customer success manager."

Reviewer: are <br><br> tags expected?

> description: "This landing page is home to Braze Banners. Here, you can find articles on how to create a Banner, how to customize your Banners, testing, reporting, and more."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "This landing page is home to Braze Banners. Here, you can find articles on how to create a Banner, personalization, customization, testing, reporting, and more."
```
